README.md, before:

# E3-python-code-2023

This repository should contain the code and generated figures relative to the simulation examples presented in the following books:

- *A. H. Sayed, Inference and Learning from Data, Vol. I. Cambridge University Press, 2022.* (**Semanur**)
- *A. H. Sayed, Inference and Learning from Data, Vol. II. Cambridge University Press, 2022.* (**Eduardo**)
- *A. H. Sayed, Inference and Learning from Data, Vol. III. Cambridge University Press, 2022.* (**Saba**)

The codes should take the form of Jupyter Notebooks, containing the same text description of the book for context. Inside each chapter folder, each example should have one Jupyter Notebook showing the simulation results reported in the book together with the generated figures. Furthermore, the generated figures should be saved as separate files in the chapter folder.

Any content related to the activities of this internship (MATLAB codes, Jupyter Notebook codes, generated figures, notebook text) should by no means be shared or published without the authorization of Prof. Ali H. Sayed.

Commit message:

Updated README.md with folder structure

README.md, after:

# E3-python-code-2023

This repository should contain the code and generated figures relative to the simulation examples presented in the following books:

- *A. H. Sayed, Inference and Learning from Data, Vol. I. Cambridge University Press, 2022.* (**Semanur**)
- *A. H. Sayed, Inference and Learning from Data, Vol. II. Cambridge University Press, 2022.* (**Eduardo**)
- *A. H. Sayed, Inference and Learning from Data, Vol. III. Cambridge University Press, 2022.* (**Saba**)

The codes should take the form of Jupyter Notebooks, containing the same text description of the book for context. Inside each chapter folder, we should find one Jupyter Notebook showing the simulation results reported in the book together with the generated figures. When necessary, we can split the content into multiple Jupyter Notebooks for clarity. Auxiliary functions should be added in a separate .py file.

The data necessary to run the code and the generated figures should be saved in a dedicated folder inside the chapter folder. The folder structure for each chapter should be similar to:
```
chapter-03
│   chapter-03.ipynb
│   functions.py
│
└───data
│   │   data-1.mat
│   │   data-2.mat
│   │   ...
│   
└───figs
    │   fig-1.pdf
    │   fig-2.pdf
    │   ...

```

Any content related to the activities of this internship (MATLAB codes, Jupyter Notebook codes, generated figures, notebook text) should by no means be shared or published without the authorization of Prof. Ali H. Sayed.
